---
layout: post
title:  "TPO-34 Reading"
date:   2017-12-26 12:00:00
tags:   life
myTag:  English
headimg: demo.png

---

## TPO-34 Reading

仔细重做了TOP40的Reading后，感觉好多了，希望继续进步。


## Islamic Art and the Book

The arts of the Islamic book, such as calligraphy and decorative drawing, developed during A.D. 900 to 1500, and luxury books are some of the most characteristic examples of Islamic art produced in this period. This came about from two major developments: paper became common, replacing parchment as the major medium for writing, and rounded scripts were regularized and perfected so that they replaced the angular scripts of the previous period, which because of their angularity were uneven in height. Books became major vehicles for artistic expression, and the artists who produced them, notably calligraphers and painters, enjoyed high status, and their workshops were often sponsored by princes and their courts. Before A.D. 900, manuscripts of the Koran (the book containing the teachings of the Islamic religion) seem to have been the most common type of book produced and decorated, but after that date a wide range of books were produced for a broad spectrum of patrons. These continued to include, of course, manuscripts of the Koran, which every Muslim wanted to read, but scientific works, histories, romances, and epic and lyric poetry were also copied in fine handwriting and decorated with beautiful illustrations. Most were made for sale on the open market, and cities boasted special souks (markets) where books were bought and sold. The mosque of Marrakech in Morocco is known as the Kutubiyya, or Booksellers’ Mosque, after the adjacent market. Some of the most luxurious books were specific commissions made at the order of a particular prince and signed by the calligrapher and decorator.

Papermaking had been introduced to the Islamic lands from China in the eighth century. It has been said that Chinese papermakers were among the prisoners captured in a battle fought near Samarqand between the Chinese and the Muslims in 751, and the technique of papermaking – in which cellulose pulp extracted from any of several plants is first suspended in water, caught on a fine screen, and then dried into flexible sheets – slowly spread westward. Within fifty years, the government in Baghdad was using paper for documents. Writing in ink on paper, unlike parchment, could not easily be erased, and therefore paper had the advantage that it was difficult to alter what was written on it. Papermaking spread quickly to Egypt – and eventually to Sicily and Spain – but it was several centuries before paper supplanted parchment for copies of the Koran, probably because of the conservative nature of religious art and its practitioners. In western Islamic lands, parchment continued to be used for manuscripts of the Koran throughout this period.

The introduction of paper spurred a conceptual revolution whose consequences have barely been explored. Although paper was never as cheap as it has become today, it was far less expensive than parchment, and therefore more people could afford to buy books, Paper is thinner than parchment, so more pages could be enclosed within a single volume. At first, paper was made in relatively small sheets that were pasted together, but by the beginning of the fourteenth century, very large sheets – as much as a meter across – were available.These large sheets meant that calligraphers and artists had more space on which to work. Paintings became more complicated, giving the artist greater opportunities to depict space or emotion. The increased availability of paper, particularly after 1250, encouraged people to develop systems of representation, such as architectural plans and drawings. This in turn allowed the easy transfer of artistic ideas and motifs over great distances from one medium to another, and in a different scale in ways that had been difficult, if not impossible, in the previous period.

Rounded styles of Arabic handwriting had long been used for correspondence and documents alongside the formal angular scripts used for inscriptions and manuscripts of the Koran. Around the year 900, Ibn Muqla, who was a secretary and vizier at the Abbasid court in Baghdad, developed a system of proportioned writing. He standardized the length of alif, the first letter of the Arabic alphabet, and then determined what the size and shape of all other letters should be, based on the alif. Eventually, six round forms of handwriting, composed of three pairs of big and little scripts known collectively as the Six Pens, became the standard repertory of every calligrapher.

---

### Question 5 of 14

	In paragraph 1, why does the author mention the fact that the mosque in Marrakech, Morocco, is known as the Booksellers’ Mosque

	A. To cast doubt on the importance of souks in making books available to common people
	B. To provide an example of a place where books were made at the order of a particular prince
	C. To emphasize how influential and well known the book markets were
	D. To demonstrate the need for religious texts in Islamic lands

The arts of the Islamic book, such as calligraphy and decorative drawing, developed during A.D. 900 to 1500, and luxury books are some of the most characteristic examples of Islamic art produced in this period. This came about from two major developments: paper became common, replacing parchment as the major medium for writing, and rounded scripts were regularized and perfected so that they replaced the angular scripts of the previous period, which because of their angularity were uneven in height. Books became major vehicles for artistic expression, and the artists who produced them, notably calligraphers and painters, enjoyed high status, and their workshops were often sponsored by princes and their courts. Before A.D. 900, manuscripts of the Koran (the book containing the teachings of the Islamic religion) seem to have been the most common type of book produced and decorated, but after that date a wide range of books were produced for a broad spectrum of patrons. These continued to include, of course, manuscripts of the Koran, which every Muslim wanted to read, but scientific works, histories, romances, and epic and lyric poetry were also copied in fine handwriting and decorated with beautiful illustrations. Most were made for sale on the open market, and cities boasted special souks (markets) where books were bought and sold. The mosque of Marrakech in Morocco is known as the Kutubiyya, or Booksellers’ Mosque, after the adjacent market. Some of the most luxurious books were specific commissions made at the order of a particular prince and signed by the calligrapher and decorator.

	解析 C
	
	此题能够马上排除B选项；文中句子讲的是“在这个书市旁边的清真寺叫做书商清真寺”，A选项中，我以为cast doubt是doubt的否定，其实是指“让人怀疑”，所以TOEFL中不懂的词，我们就直接去掉，不要瞎猜。本段没怎么讲宗教信仰，D排除。	
	
---

### Question 10 of 14

	According to paragraph 3, the increased availability of paper and the development of systems of representation

	A. encourage more people to make their own drawings
	B. made the transfer of artistic ideas to distant people and places much easier
	C. made architectural plans more complex and therefore harder to read
	D. allowed artists to create paintings that were smaller in scale

The introduction of paper spurred a conceptual revolution whose consequences have barely been explored. Although paper was never as cheap as it has become today, it was far less expensive than parchment, and therefore more people could afford to buy books, Paper is thinner than parchment, so more pages could be enclosed within a single volume. At first, paper was made in relatively small sheets that were pasted together, but by the beginning of the fourteenth century, very large sheets – as much as a meter across – were available.These large sheets meant that calligraphers and artists had more space on which to work. Paintings became more complicated, giving the artist greater opportunities to depict space or emotion. The increased availability of paper, particularly after 1250, encouraged people to develop systems of representation, such as architectural plans and drawings. This in turn allowed the easy transfer of artistic ideas and motifs over great distances from one medium to another, and in a different scale in ways that had been difficult, if not impossible, in the previous period.

	解析 B

	文中句子“The increased availability of paper ... encouraged people to develop systems of representation, such as architectural plans and drawings. This in turn allowed the easy transfer of artistic ideas and motifs over great distances from one medium to another, and in a different scale”。 选项C，harder to read 错误；D选项，没说错，但是不是在“increased availability of paper”和“development of systems of representation”的共同条件下，A选项同理错误；选择B。

---

### Question 14 of 14

	Prose Summary: Islamic books from A.D. 900 to 1500 reflect major changes from the past and important innovations. Answer Choices:
	
	A. Books became major vehicle of artistic expression for calligraphers and painters, and the subjects of books expanded to include more and more kinds of works.
	B. The growing luxuriousness of books meant that the market for them was increasingly dominated by the wealthy and powerful patrons who could afford them.
	C. After it was learned from Chinese prisoners, the technique of papermaking spread throughout Islamic lands, where paper gradually replaced parchment.
	D. The high status enjoyed by calligraphers and artists made books extremely popular in the cities where books were bought and sold.
	E. The popularity of books led to major advances in the development and transfer of new artistic ideas.
	F. Around the year 900, a set of rounded styles of Arabic handwriting began replacing angular scripts in copying the manuscripts of the Koran.

	解析 ACE

---

### Passage 1 Summary

	Score: 11/15
	Wrong: 句子原因题1，因为结果题1，归纳题1

---

### Passage 1 Vocabulary

+ Islamic adj. 伊斯兰的（Islam n. 伊斯兰教）
+ calligraphy n. 书法
+ parchment n. 羊皮纸（parch v. 烘干）
+ angular adj. 角（angularity n. 棱角）
+ uneven adj. 不平均的
+ patron n. 顾客
+ souk n. (阿拉伯的)露天市场
+ commission v. 定做 （n. 佣金）
+ cellulose n. 纤维素
+ pulp n. 纸浆
+ suspended adj. 悬浮（suspend v. 暂停）
+ spur v. 刺激
+ ideas and motifs 想法和理念
+ inscription n. 铭文
+ vizier n. 宰相
+ alif (第一个阿拉伯字母)

---

## The Development of Steam Power

By the eighteenth century, Britain was experiencing a severe shortage of energy. Because of the growth of population, most of the great forests of medieval Britain had long ago been replaced by fields of grain and hay. Wood was in ever-shorter supply, yet it remained tremendously important. It served as the primary source of heat for all homes and industries and as a basic raw material. Processed wood (charcoal) was the fuel that was mixed with iron ore in the blast furnace to produce pig iron (raw iron). The iron industry’s appetite for wood was enormous, and by 1740 the British iron industry was stagnating. Vast forests enabled Russia to become the world’s leading producer of iron, much of which was exported to Britain. But Russia’s potential for growth was limited too, and in a few decades Russia would reach the barrier of inadequate energy that was already holding England back.

As this early energy crisis grew worse, Britain looked toward its abundant and widely scattered reserves of coal as an alternative to its vanishing wood. Coal was first used in Britain in the late Middle Ages as a source of heat. By 1640 most homes in London were heated with it, and it also provided heat for making beer, glass, soap, and other products. Coal was not used, however, to produce mechanical energy or to power machinery. It was there that coal’s potential wad enormous.

As more coal was produced, mines were dug deeper and deeper and were constantly filling with water. Mechanical pumps, usually powered by hundreds of horses waling in circles at the surface, had to be installed. Such power was expensive and bothersome. In an attempt to overcome these disadvantages, Thomas Savery in 1698 and Thomas Newcomen in 1705 invented the first primitive steam engines. Both engines were extremely inefficient. Both burned coal to produce steam, which was then used to operate a pump. However, by the early 1770s, many of the Savery engines and hundreds of the Newcomen engines were operating successfully, though inefficiently, in English and Scottish mines.

In the early 1760s, a gifted young Scot named James Watt was drawn to a critical study of the steam engine. Watt was employed at the time by the University of Glasgow as a skilled crafts worker making scientific instruments. In 1763, Watt was called on to repair a Newcomen engine being used in a physics course. After a series of observations, Watt saw that the New comen’s waste of energy could be reduced by adding a separate condenser. This splendid invention, patented in 1769, greatly increased the efficiency of the steam engine. The steam engine of Watt and his followers was the technological advance that gave people, at least for a while, unlimited power and allowed the invention and use of all kinds of power equipment.

The steam engine was quickly put to use in several industries in Britain. It drained mines and made possible the production of ever more coal to feed steam engines elsewhere. The steam power plant began to replace waterpower in the cotton-spinning mills as well as other industries during the 1780s, contributing to a phenomenal rise in industrialization. The British iron industry was radically transformed. The use of powerful, steam-driven bellows in blast furnaces helped iron makers switch over rapidly from limited charcoal to unlimited coke (which is made from coal) in the smelting of pig iron (the process of refining impure iron) after 1770 in the 1780s, Henry Cort developed the puddling furnace, which allowed pig iron to be refined in turn with coke. Cort also developed heavy-duty, steam-powered rolling mills, which were capable of producing finished iron in every shape and form.

The economic consequence of these technical innovations in steam power was a great boom in the British iron industry. In 1740 annual British iron production was only 17,000 tons, but by 1844, with the spread of coke smelting and the impact of Cort’s inventions, it had increased to 3,000,000 tons. This was a truly amazing expansion. Once scarce and expensive, iron became cheap, basic, and indispensable to the economy.

### Question 4 of 14

	Why are “beer, glass, soap, and other products” mentioned in the discussion of Britain’s energy?

	A. To help explain why the energy crisis was so severe
	B. To show that despite the energy crisis and as early as 1640, London homes were advanced and well supplied
	C. To emphasize that after 1640, British homes required energy for more than heat
	D. To indicate that coal had been used for the production of certain products before the eighteenth century

As this early energy crisis grew worse, Britain looked toward its abundant and widely scattered reserves of coal as an alternative to its vanishing wood. Coal was first used in Britain in the late Middle Ages as a source of heat. By 1640 most homes in London were heated with it, and it also provided heat for making `beer, glass, soap, and other products`. Coal was not used, however, to produce mechanical energy or to power machinery. It was there that coal’s potential wad enormous.

	解析 D

	本段是讲coal的出现，是人民希望使用coal作用替代能源，所以文中句子是要介绍coal，并不是讲能源危机，所以选D。不能选A，A是过渡推断，ETS只会考直接推断。

---

### Passage 2 Summary

	Score: 14/15
	Wrong: 句子原因题1

### Passage 2 Vocabulary

+ grain n. 粮食
+ hay n. 干草
+ tremendously adv. 异常的
+ charcoal n. 木炭
+ ore n. 矿石
+ blast furnace 高炉（blast 爆破的，furnace 炉）
+ stagnate v. 停滞
+ scatter adj. 松散的
+ coal n. 煤炭，煤
+ vanish v. 消失的
+ craft n. 手艺
+ condensers n. 冷凝器
+ cotton-spinning mills 纺织厂（cotton 棉花；spinning 纺织；mills 厂房）
+ smelt v. 冶炼
+ scarce adj. 稀缺的 （scare v. 吓）

