---
layout: post
title:  "TPO-40 Reading"
date:   2017-12-03 12:00:00
tags:   life
myTag:  English
headimg: demo.png

---

### TPO-40 Reading

	时隔很久再次做Toefl的Reading，暴露了两个不足的点。
	1. 阅读速度不够快。忘记一篇阅读是14道题，以为total 14题，导致第一篇文章用时超过近30min，导致最后一篇阅读最后10题未做，交卷只能选C，最终得分11分，目标分数28。
	2. 词汇量不够。太多单词不懂意思，需要加强单词记忆。


### Ancient Athens

One of the most important changes in Greece during the period from 800 B.C. to 500 B.C. was the rise of the polis, or city-state, and each polis developed a system of government that was appropriate to its circumstances. The problems that were faced and solved in Athens were the sharing of political power between the established aristocracy and the emerging other classes, and the adjustment of aristocratic ways of life to the ways of life of the new polis. It was the harmonious blending of all of these elements that was to produce the classical culture of Athens.

Entering the polis age, Athens had the traditional institutions of other Greek protodemocratic states: an assembly of adult males, an aristocratic council, and annually elected officials. Within this traditional framework the Athenians, between 600 B.C. and 450 B.C., evolved what Greeks regarded as a fully-fledged democratic constitution, though the right to vote was given to fewer groups of people than is seen in modem times.

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and allowing the assembly (of which all citizens were equal members) to overrule the decisions of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a tyranny which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless dictator as the modem use of the term suggests to us). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by appointing judges throughout the region, producing Athens' first national coinage, and adding and embellishing festivals that tended to focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages of the surrounding region. By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.

Cleisthenes' principal contribution to the creation of democracy at Athens was to complete the long process of weakening family and clan structures, especially among the aristocrats, and to set in their place locality-based corporations called demes, which became the point of entry for all civic and most religious life in Athens. Out of the demes were created 10 artificial tribes of roughly equal population. From the demes, by either election or selection, came 500 members of a new council, 6,000 jurors for the courts, 10 generals, and hundreds of commissioners. The assembly was sovereign in all matters but in practice delegated its power to subordinate bodies such as the council, which prepared the agenda for meetings of the assembly, and the courts, which took care of most judicial matters. Various committees acted as an executive branch, implementing policies of the assembly and supervising, for instance, the food and water supplies and public buildings. This wide-scale participation by the citizenry in the government distinguished the democratic form of the Athenian polis from other, less liberal forms.

The effect of Cleisthenes' reforms was to establish the superiority of the Athenian community as a whole over local institutions without destroying them. National politics rather than local or deme politics became the focal point. At the same time, entry into national politics began at the deme level and gave local loyalty a new focus: Athens itself. Over the next two centuries the implications of Cleisthenes reforms were fully exploited.

During the fifth century B.C. the council of 500 was extremely influential in shaping policy. In the next century, however, it was the mature assembly that took on decision-making responsibility. By any measure other than that of the aristocrats，who had been upstaged by the supposedly inferior "people," the Athenian democracy was a stunning success. Never before, or since, have so many people been involved in the serious business of self-govemance. It was precisely this opportunity to participate in public life that provided a stimulus for the brilliant unfolding of classical Greek culture.

#### Question 1 of 14

	Paragraph 1 supports which of the following statements about the Greek city-states?

	A.Most city-states followed the model provided by Athens
	B.Most city-states were based on aristocratic rule
	C.Different types of government and organization were used by different city-states
	D.By 500 B C. the city-states were no longer powerful

One of the most important changes in Greece during the period from 800 B.C. to 500 B.C. was `the rise of` the polis, or `city-state`, and `each` polis `developed a system of government that was appropriate to its circumstances`. The problems that were faced and solved in Athens were the sharing of political power between the established aristocracy and the emerging other classes, and the adjustment of aristocratic ways of life to the ways of life of the new polis. It was the harmonious blending of all of these elements that was to produce the classical culture of Athens.

	解析 C

	A. 主旨句后面才举Athens的例子，A选项是过度引申，无中生有。Toefl考试选项必定能在原文找到支持句；
	B. 强行拼凑首两句中的单词，city-states和aristocratic。事实上可能是对的，但文中没有简述，不能选；
	C. 原句each polis developed a system of government that was appropritate to its circumstantces, 选C；
	D. 首句讲800 B.C.至500 B.C.的事情，并不能得出500B.C.后city-state不再powerful，与文意、主旨不符；

#### Question 2 of 14

	According to paragraph 2, Athens had all of the following before becoming a city-state EXCEPT

	A.a council made up of aristocrats
	B.an assembly made up of men
	C.a constitution that was fully democratic
	D.officials who were elected yearly

Entering the polis age, Athens had the traditional institutions of other Greek protodemocratic states: an `assembly of adult males`, an `aristocratic council`, and `annually elected officials`. Within this traditional framework the Athenians, between 600 B.C. and 450 B.C., evolved what Greeks regarded as a `fully-fledged democratic constitution`, though the right to vote was given to fewer groups of people than is seen in modem times.

	解析 C

	A. 根据aristocratic council，包含；
	B. 根据assembly of adult males，包含；
	C. 其实ABD大单是拼列排序在一起的，所以不可能不选C，且文中提到是fully-fledgedm，选C；
	D. 根据annually elected officials，包含；

#### Question 3 of 14

	According to paragraph 3, an important effect of making wealth the basis of office holding was to

	A.make fewer people qualified to be members of the assembly
	B.make it possible for non-aristocrats to hold office
	C.help the aristocrats maintain power
	D.increase economic opportunities for all Athenian citizens

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and `allowing the assembly` (`of which all citizens were equal members`) `to overrule the decisions` of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian `aristocracy was further weakened` during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a tyranny which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless dictator as the modem use of the term suggests to us). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by appointing judges throughout the region, producing Athens' first national coinage, and adding and embellishing festivals that tended to focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages of the surrounding region. By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.

	解析 B

	A. 文中没有提到，反而讲允许assembly overrule the decisions；
	B. assembly是指all citizens，可以overrule the decisions，所以貌似正确，继续看完其他选项后，选B
	C. aristocrats was further weakened，选选错误；
	D. 文中根本没有讲到economic opportunities；

#### Question 4 of 14

	The word "abolishing" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.limiting
	B.eliminating
	C.revising
	D.supervising

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, ***abolishing*** the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and allowing the assembly (of which all citizens were equal members) to overrule the decisions of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a tyranny which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless dictator as the modem use of the term suggests to us). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by appointing judges throughout the region, producing Athens' first national coinage, and adding and embellishing festivals that tended to focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages of the surrounding region. By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.

**错误解析**

	解析 D

	首句讲Solon broker aristocracy ... abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy. 这里都是在削弱aristocracy，所以abolishing（擦亮）经济责任of ordinary to the aristocracy。这里是要表达增强aristocracy应该负的经济责任。

	A. 限制，限制经济责任不对；
	B. eliminating，虽然不知道什么意思，不过因为A选项是限制，B应该是放弃限制
	C. 重访，不对
	D. 监管，监管从普通人到aristocracy的经济责任，比较符合。

**正确解析**

	解析 B
	
	abolishing是废弃的意思，polish才是擦亮的意思。eliminate是排除，废除的意思。

#### Question 5 of 14

	In paragraph 3, the author's explanation of the word "tyranny" indicates that
	
	A.most Athenians were opposed to rule by the Peisistratids
	B.the word had a somewhat different meaning for the Athenians than it does for people today
	C.the tyrants were supported by the aristocracy
	D.the word can be applied only to ruthless dictators

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and allowing the assembly (of which all citizens were equal members) to overrule the decisions of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a ***tyranny*** which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (`not` rule by a `ruthless dictator` `as the modem use of the term suggests to us`). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by appointing judges throughout the region, producing Athens' first national coinage, and adding and embellishing festivals that tended to focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages of the surrounding region. By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.

	解析 B

	A. Peisistratids是在解释之后出现的，和解释无关；
	B. 解释的意思就是说这个tyranny和我们当今立即的意思不太一样；
	C. 文中并没提及；
	D. 文中提到 not ruthless dictator，与文不符；

#### Question 6 of 14

	According to paragraph 3, all of the following were true of the Peisistratids rule EXCEPT:
	
	A.A national system of coins was created.
	B.Judges were appointed across the region.
	C.New festivals were added.
	D.Increased attention was focused on local villages.

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and allowing the assembly (of which all citizens were equal members) to overrule the decisions of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a tyranny which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless dictator as the modem use of the term suggests to us). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by `appointing judges throughout the region`, `producing Athens' first national coinage`, and `adding and embellishing festivals` that tended to `focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages` of the surrounding region. By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.

	解析 D

	A. 文中producing Athens' first national coinage，包含
	B. 文中appointing judges throughout the region，包含
	C. 文中adding and embellishing festivals，包含
	D. 文中rather than on local villages，不包含

#### Question 7 of 14

	The word "embellishing" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.making more attractive
	B.providing support for
	C.duplicating
	D.controlling

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and allowing the assembly (of which all citizens were equal members) to overrule the decisions of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a tyranny which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless dictator as the modem use of the term suggests to us). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by appointing judges throughout the region, producing Athens' first national coinage, and adding and ***embellishing*** festivals that tended to focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages of the surrounding region. By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.

**错误解析**

	解析 B

	与adding并列，我们找与add表示相近意思的词

	A. 正面词，待选，继续看
	B. 正面词，待选，继续看；AB两个选项与Add意思更相近，选B
	C. 重复的，负面词，不能选
	D. 控制的，负面词，不能选

**正确解析**
	
	解析 A
	
	embellish表示装饰、渲染的意思，句子后面还有tended to focus attention on ...

#### Question 8 of 14

	Which of the sentences below best expresses the essential information in the highlighted sentence in the passage? Incorrect choices change the meaning in important ways or leave out essential information.

	A.Cleisthenes, a reformer who recognized that aristocratic control had been decreasing since the end of the previous century, finally drove the tyrants out of Athens in 508 B.C.
	B.The tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. Cleisthenes put in place the structures that completed the weakening of the aristocracy.
	C.By driving out the tyrants, Cleisthenes enabled the reforms that had been under way since the end of the century to reach their final form in 508 B.C.
	D.Toward the end of the century, the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. Cleisthenes saw that it was time to change the structures that had reduced aristocratic control.

The first steps toward change were taken by Solon in 594 B.C., when he broke the aristocracy's stranglehold on elected offices by establishing wealth rather than birth as the basis of office holding, abolishing the economic obligations of ordinary Athenians to the aristocracy, and allowing the assembly (of which all citizens were equal members) to overrule the decisions of local courts in certain cases. The strength of the Athenian aristocracy was further weakened during the rest of the century by the rise of a type of government known as a tyranny which is a form of interim rule by a popular strongman (not rule by a ruthless dictator as the modem use of the term suggests to us). The Peisistratids, as the succession of tyrants were called (after the founder of the dynasty, Peisistratos), strengthened Athenian central administration at the expense of the aristocracy by appointing judges throughout the region, producing Athens' first national coinage, and adding and embellishing festivals that tended to focus attention on Athens rather than on local villages of the surrounding region. ***By the end of the century, the time was ripe for more change: the tyrants were driven out, and in 508 B.C. a new reformer, Cleisthenes, gave final form to the developers reducing aristocratic control already under way.***

**错误解析**

	解析 C

	more change: tyrant driven out, new reformer, gave final form, reducing aristocratic contral, already under way. 这里应该是表达到了公元前508年一位新的改革家Cleisthenes更进一步reducing aristocratic control。

	A. Cleisthenes意识到aristocratic control decrease，并drove out tyrant。与文中时序不同，文中先讲tyrant driven out再讲Cleisthenes。
	B. 文中只是讲under way，B选项则说completed
	C. 在tyrant drive out的时候，Cleisthenes的reform，each their final form，与文相符。
	D. change reduce aristocratic control，整句话是说反了。

**正确解析**

	解析 B

	文中讲的already under way，修饰的是arisocratic control，而不是指refrom。


#### Question 9 of 14

	According to paragraph 4, one effect of making the demes the point of entry for civic life was to
	
	A.ensure that every region had the same number of commissioners
	B.distribute the population more equally throughout the Athens region
	C.limit the number of aristocratic clans
	D.reduce the importance of family connections

Cleisthenes' principal contribution to the creation of democracy at Athens was to complete the long process of `weakening family and clan structures`, especially among the aristocrats, and to set in their place locality-based corporations called demes, which became the point of entry for all civic and most religious life in Athens. Out of the demes were created 10 artificial tribes of `roughly equal population`. From the demes, by either election or selection, came 500 members of a new council, 6,000 jurors for the courts, 10 generals, and `hundreds of commissioners`. The assembly was sovereign in all matters but in practice delegated its power to subordinate bodies such as the council, which prepared the agenda for meetings of the assembly, and the courts, which took care of most judicial matters. Various committees acted as an executive branch, implementing policies of the assembly and supervising, for instance, the food and water supplies and public buildings. This wide-scale participation by the citizenry in the government distinguished the democratic form of the Athenian polis from other, less liberal forms.

**错误解析**

	解析 D

	A. 文中hundreds of，并不是same number
	B. 文中out of the demes, roughly equal population
	C. 文中weaken clan structures，而不是number
	D. 文中weken family structures，选D

	这一题B选项很有迷惑性，应该说equal population不是demes的影响。

**正确解析**
	
	解析 B
	
	细节题，out of the demes不是表示demes外，而是表示其中。选项D是迷惑项，这个不是demes的影响而是Cleisthenes的影响。

#### Question 10 of 14

	According to paragraph 4, one role of the new council was to
	
	A.determine what issues came before the assembly
	B.prepare the agenda for the courts
	C.carry out the assembly's policies
	D.oversee the distribution of food and water

Cleisthenes' principal contribution to the creation of democracy at Athens was to complete the long process of weakening family and clan structures, especially among the aristocrats, and to set in their place locality-based corporations called demes, which became the point of entry for all civic and most religious life in Athens. Out of the demes were created 10 artificial tribes of roughly equal population. From the demes, by either election or selection, came 500 members of a new council, 6,000 jurors for the courts, 10 generals, and hundreds of commissioners. The assembly was sovereign in all matters but in practice delegated its power to subordinate bodies such as the council, which `prepared the agenda for meetings of the assembly, and the courts`, which took care of most judicial matters. Various committees acted as an executive branch, `implementing policies of the assembly` and supervising, for instance, `the food and water supplies and public buildings`. This wide-scale participation by the citizenry in the government distinguished the democratic form of the Athenian polis from other, less liberal forms.

**错误解析**

	解析 B

	A. 文中没有讲述
	B. 文中prepared the agenda for meetings of the assembly, and the courts
	C. 文中implementing policies of the assembly，选项是讲carry out
	D. 文中是讲the food and water supplies，选择是讲distribution

**正确解析**

	解析 A

	B选项是偷换概念了，句子是为assembly prapared agenda，courts took cars of judicial matters。

#### Question 11 of 14

	The word "exploited" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.separated
	B.understood
	C.utilized
	D.exported
	
The effect of Cleisthenes' reforms was to establish the superiority of the Athenian community as a whole over local institutions without destroying them. National politics rather than local or deme politics became the focal point. At the same time, entry into national politics began at the deme level and gave local loyalty a new focus: Athens itself. Over the next two centuries the implications of Cleisthenes reforms were fully ***exploited***.

**错误解析**

	解析 B

	本段不会在最一句做一个突然的反转，所以这里一定是一个正面词。应该靠近完全实现意思。

	A. 分离，负面词；
	B. 明白，正面词；被完全掌握了解
	C. 利用，负面词；
	D. 出口，中性词；被完全输出到其他地方

**正确解析**

	解析 C
	
	exploited表示开发、利用的意思。

#### Question 12 of 14

	The word "stunning" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.popular
	B.universal
	C.impressive
	D.continuing

During the fifth century B.C. the council of 500 was extremely influential in shaping policy. In the next century, however, it was the mature assembly that took on decision-making responsibility. By any measure other than that of the aristocrats，who had been upstaged by the supposedly inferior "people," the Athenian democracy was a ***stunning*** success. Never before, or since, have so many people been involved in the serious business of self-govemance. It was precisely this opportunity to participate in public life that provided a stimulus for the brilliant unfolding of classical Greek culture.

	解析 B

	形容让人惊喜的成功

	A. 流行的成功，不合理，后面讲never before, or since，前无古人后无来者
	B. 普遍的成功，不合理，后面讲never before, or since
	C. 让人印象深刻的成功；
	D. 持续的成功，文中没有这么提到。

#### Question 13 of 14

	Look at the four squares [■] that indicate where the following sentence could be added to the passage. Where would the sentence best fit?

	Indeed, at the height of Athenian democracy there was no government separate from its citizenry.

During the fifth century B.C. the council of 500 was extremely influential in shaping policy. ■In the next century, however, it was the mature assembly that took on decision-making responsibility. ■By any measure other than that of the aristocrats，who had been upstaged by the supposedly inferior "people," the Athenian democracy was a stunning success. Never before, or since, have so many people been involved in the serious business of self-govemance. ■It was precisely this opportunity to participate in public life that provided a stimulus for the brilliant unfolding of classical Greek culture.■

	解析

	indeed，后面讲no government separate from citizenry。则该句应该跟在一句讲述citizen参加government的句子后面。

During the fifth century B.C. the council of 500 was extremely influential in shaping policy. ■In the next century, however, it was the mature assembly that took on decision-making responsibility. ■By any measure other than that of the aristocrats，who had been upstaged by the supposedly inferior "people," the Athenian democracy was a stunning success. Never before, or since, have so many people been involved in the serious business of self-govemance. ***Indeed, at the height of Athenian democracy there was no government separate from its citizenry.*** It was precisely this opportunity to participate in public life that provided a stimulus for the brilliant unfolding of classical Greek culture.■	

#### Question 14 of 14

	Directions: An introductory sentence for a brief summary of the passage is provided below. Complete the summary by selecting the THREE answer choices that express the most important ideas in the passage. Some sentences do not belong in the summary because they express ideas that are not presented in the passage or are minor ideas in the passage. This question is worth 2 points. Drag your answer choices to the spaces where they belong. To remove an answer choice, dick on it. To review the passage, dick VIEW TEXT.Between 600 B.C. and 450 B.C., Athens changed the distribution of political power between the aristocracy and ordinary citizens.

	A. The rise of the duty-state put enormous pressure on the aristocracy to change its traditional way of Kef to make it appear more in harmony with the values of classical Athenian curare.
	B. The aristocrats staged elaborate festivals that focused attention on Athens instead of the surrounding villages.
	C. Cleisthenes' reforms reduced aristocratic power by reorganizing the citizen body and changing the entry points to dive life so that political power did not rely on traditional family and clan structures.
	D. The aristocracy monopoly on political power ended with Solon's reforms, and its political influence was further eroded by the centralization of administration under the tyrants.
	E. Cleisthenes gave each tribe an equal number of council members, jurors, generals, and commissioners.
	F. Over time, as the all-citizen assembly took on more and more of the actual exercise of political power, ordinary citizens participated in public life more fully than ever before.

	解析 CDF

### Passage 1 Summary
	
	Score: 9/15
	Wrong: 词汇词3，句子简化题2，细节题1

### Passage 1 Vocabulary

+ Athens n. 雅典
+ aristocracy n. 贵族
+ polis n. 城邦
+ harmonious adj. 和谐的
+ blend v. 混合，融合
+ evolve v. 进化
+ fully-fledged adj. （羽翼丰满的）完全合格的
+ stranglehold n. 压制
+ abolish v. 废除，取消
+ tyranny n. 专制国家，暴政
+ interim adj. 临时的，过渡的
+ coinage n. 货币制度
+ embellish v. 装饰，润色
+ ripe adj. 成熟的
+ juror n. 陪审团
+ subordinate adj. 下级的，附属的
+ focal adj. 焦点的
+ exploit v. 开发，利用


--------------

### Latitude and Biodiversity

When we look at the way in which biodiversity (biological diversity) is distributed over the land surface of the planet, we find that it is far from even. The tropics contain many more species overall than an equivalent area at the higher latitudes. This seems to be true for many different groups of animals and plants.

Why is it that higher latitudes have lower diversities than the tropics? Perhaps it is simply a matter of land area. The tropics contain a larger surface area of land than higher latitudes—a fact that is not always evident when we examine commonly used projections of Earth's curved surface, since this tends to exaggerate the areas of land in the higher latitudes-and some biogeographers regard the differences in diversity as a reflection of this effect. But an analysis of the data by biologist Klaus Rohde does not support this explanation. Although area may contribute to biodiversity, it is certainly not the whole story; otherwise, large landmasses would always be richer in species.

Productivity seems to be involved instead, though perhaps its influence is indirect. Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth—that is, where temperatures are relatively high and uniform and where there is an ample supply of water-one usually finds large masses of vegetation. This leads to a complex structure in the layers of plant material. In a tropical rain forest, for example, a very large quantity of plant material builds up above the surface of the ground. There is also a large mass of material, developed below ground as root tissues, but this is less apparent. Careful analysis of the above ground material reveals that it is arranged in a series of layers, the precise number of layers varying with age and the nature of the forest. The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community). Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated. In a mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin, the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure. There are three clear peaks in leaf cover at heights of approximately 3,6, and 30 meters above the ground; and the very highest layer, at 50 meters, corresponds to the very tall trees that stand free of the main canopy and form an open layer of their own. So, such a forest contains essentially four layers of canopy. Forests in temperate lands often have just two canopy layers, so they have much less complex architecture.

Structure has a strong influence on the animal life inhabiting a site, it forms the spatial environment within which an animal feeds, moves around, shelters, Ives, and breeds. It even affects the climate on a very local level (the "microclimate') by influencing light intensity, humidity, and both the range and extremes of temperature. An area of grassland vegetation with very simple structure, for example, has a very differed microclimate at the ground level from that experienced in the upper canopy. Wind speeds are lower, temperatures are lower during the day (but warmer at night), and the relative humidity is much greater near the ground. The complexity of the microclimate is closely related to the complexity of structure in vegetation, and generally speaking, the more complex the structure of vegetation, the more species of animal are able to make a living there. The high plant biomass of the tropics leads to a greater spatial complexity in the environment, and this leads to a higher potential for diversity in the living things that can occupy a region. The climates of the higher latitudes are generally less favorable for the accumulation of large quantities of biomass; hence, the structure of vegetation is simpler and the animal diversity is consequently lower.
	
#### Question 1 of 14

	The word "distributed" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.represented
	B.collected
	C.spread
	D.managed

When we look at the way in which biodiversity (biological diversity) is ***distributed*** over the land surface of the planet, we find that it is far from even. The tropics contain many more species overall than an equivalent area at the higher latitudes. This seems to be true for many different groups of animals and plants.

	解析 C
	
	distribute 分布

	A. 代表
	B. 收集
	C. 分开
	D. 管理

#### Question 2 of 14

	The word "overall" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.considered as a whole
	B.to some degree
	C.possibly
	D.evidently

When we look at the way in which biodiversity (biological diversity) is distributed over the land surface of the planet, we find that it is far from even. The tropics contain many more species overall than an equivalent area at the higher latitudes. This seems to be true for many different groups of animals and plants.

	解析 A

	A. 总体看来
	B. 某种层度上
	C. 可能的
	D. 有证据的

#### Question 3 of 14

	Which of the sentences below best expresses the essential information in the highlighted sentence in the passage? Incorrect choices change the meaning in important ways or leave out essential information.
	
	A.Some biogeographers believe that the tropics have larger surface areas than they actually do because the distortions produced by projections of Earth's curved surface.
	B.High levels of diversity in the tropics are sometimes attributed to the fad that the tropics have more surface area of land than the higher latitudes do, though distortions in commonly used projections may seem to suggest otherwise.
	C.Because biogeographers disagree on whether or not the tropics are correctly represented in projections of Earth's surface, it is difficult to determine the relationship their surface area has to their diversity.
	D.Most biogeographers agree that the tropics contain a larger surface area of land than higher latitudes do, but they disagree on whether or not the tropics' level of diversity is a reflection of that larger surface area


Why is it that higher latitudes have lower diversities than the tropics? Perhaps it is simply a matter of land area. ***The tropics contain a larger surface area of land than higher latitudes—a fact that is not always evident when we examine commonly used projections of Earth's curved surface, since this tends to exaggerate the areas of land in the higher latitudes-and some biogeographers regard the differences in diversity as a reflection of this effect.*** But an analysis of the data by biologist Klaus Rohde does not support this explanation. Although area may contribute to biodiversity, it is certainly not the whole story; otherwise, large landmasses would always be richer in species.

	解析 B
	
	高亮的句子是讲，热带比高纬度地区要有更多陆地，当我们用投影看平面地球的时候，这会使得高纬度的面积变大。一些生物地理学家就会认为物种多样性也是同理的。

	A. 选项讲tropics have larger surface areas than they actually do，错误
	B. 热带有更多陆地这是比较好的生物多样性原因之一，虽然从投影看来不是这样（高纬度陆地面积也一样大）。
	C. it is difficult to determine the relationship，文中不是提出质疑
	D. 选项讲生物地理学家认同热带比高纬度地区有更多陆地，但他们不同意生物多样性与陆地面积的关系。文中还没提及。
	
#### Question 4 of 14

	Why does the author mention "Klaus Rohde" in the passage?
	
	A.To support the argument that large landmasses are usually richer in species than smaller ones are
	B.To introduce the argument that there are other factors contributing to species diversity besides land area
	C.To cast doubt on whether the tropics actually contain higher species diversity than land at higher latitudes does
	D.To emphasize that biogeographers and biologists differ in their approaches to biodiversity

Why is it that higher latitudes have lower diversities than the tropics? Perhaps it is simply a matter of land area. The tropics contain a larger surface area of land than higher latitudes—a fact that is not always evident when we examine commonly used projections of Earth's curved surface, since this tends to exaggerate the areas of land in the higher latitudes-and some biogeographers regard the differences in diversity as a reflection of this effect. But an analysis of the data by biologist ***Klaus Rohde*** does not support this explanation. Although area may contribute to biodiversity, it is certainly not the whole story; otherwise, large landmasses would always be richer in species.

	解析 B

	原句是说Klaus Rohde does not support this explaination。这个explaination就是陆地面积大生物多样性就高。

	A. 选项讲支持陆地面积达会有更多物种多样性，错误；
	B. 选项讲除了陆地面积外其他影响因数，正确；
	C. 质疑热带是否比高纬度地区有更好的物种多样性，文中不是讨论这个；
	D. 强调生物学家和生物地理学家在生物多样性上的不同方法，文中不是讨论这个。

#### Question 5 of 14

	Which of the following is NOT mentioned in paragraph 3 as a condition that benefits plant growth?
	
	A.High temperatures
	B.Steady temperatures
	C.High latitude
	D.Plentiful water

Productivity seems to be involved instead, though perhaps its influence is indirect. `Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth—that is`, where `temperatures` are relatively `high` and `uniform` and where there is an `ample supply of water`-one usually finds large masses of vegetation. This leads to a complex structure in the layers of plant material. In a tropical rain forest, for example, a very large quantity of plant material builds up above the surface of the ground. There is also a large mass of material, developed below ground as root tissues, but this is less apparent. Careful analysis of the above ground material reveals that it is arranged in a series of layers, the precise number of layers varying with age and the nature of the forest. The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community). Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated. In a mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin, the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure. There are three clear peaks in leaf cover at heights of approximately 3,6, and 30 meters above the ground; and the very highest layer, at 50 meters, corresponds to the very tall trees that stand free of the main canopy and form an open layer of their own. So, such a forest contains essentially four layers of canopy. Forests in temperate lands often have just two canopy layers, so they have much less complex architecture.

	解析 C

	A. temperatures are relatively high
	B. temperatures are relatively high and uniform
	C. 文中没讲
	D. ample supply of water

#### Question 6 of 14

	The word "precise" in the passage is closest in meaning to
	
	A.exact
	B.predicted
	C.approximate
	D.required

Productivity seems to be involved instead, though perhaps its influence is indirect. Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth—that is, where temperatures are relatively high and uniform and where there is an ample supply of water-one usually finds large masses of vegetation. This leads to a complex structure in the layers of plant material. In a tropical rain forest, for example, a very large quantity of plant material builds up above the surface of the ground. There is also a large mass of material, developed below ground as root tissues, but this is less apparent. Careful analysis of the above ground material reveals that it is arranged in a series of layers, the **precise** number of layers varying with age and the nature of the forest. The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community). Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated. In a mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin, the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure. There are three clear peaks in leaf cover at heights of approximately 3,6, and 30 meters above the ground; and the very highest layer, at 50 meters, corresponds to the very tall trees that stand free of the main canopy and form an open layer of their own. So, such a forest contains essentially four layers of canopy. Forests in temperate lands often have just two canopy layers, so they have much less complex architecture.

	解析 A

	A. 准确的
	B. 预测的
	C. 大约的
	D. 需要的	

#### Question 7 of 14

	Paragraph 3 mentions which of the following as creating the structural complexity of a forest?

	A The height of the very tallest trees in the forest
	B The number of layers of canopy
	C The frequency of floods along the plain
	D The age of the root tissues below the ground

Productivity seems to be involved instead, though perhaps its influence is indirect. Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth—that is, where temperatures are relatively high and uniform and where there is an ample supply of water-one usually finds large masses of vegetation. This leads to a complex structure in the layers of plant material. In a tropical rain forest, for example, a very large quantity of plant material builds up above the surface of the ground. There is also a large mass of material, developed below ground as root tissues, but this is less apparent. Careful analysis of the above ground material reveals that it is arranged in a series of layers, the precise number of layers varying with age and the nature of the forest. The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community). Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated. In a mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin, the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure. There are three clear peaks in leaf cover at heights of approximately 3,6, and 30 meters above the ground; and the very highest layer, at 50 meters, corresponds to the very tall trees that stand free of the main canopy and form an open layer of their own. So, such a forest contains essentially four layers of canopy. Forests in temperate lands often have just two canopy layers, so they have much less complex architecture.

	解析 B

	文中讲"the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure."

#### Question 8 of 14

	According to paragraph 3, which of the following statements best describes the difference between structure and composition?

	A "Structure" refers to the arrangement of plant material above the ground surface; "composition" refers to the arrangement of root tissues below the surface of the ground.
	B "Structure" refers to the age of the forest; "composition" refers to the forest's nature.
	C "Structure" refers to the arrangement of plant species in an area, "composition" refers to which plant species are present in the area.
	D "Structure" refers to the shape of the forest canopy; "composition" refers to the number of crowns forming the canopy.

Productivity seems to be involved instead, though perhaps its influence is indirect. Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth—that is, where temperatures are relatively high and uniform and where there is an ample supply of water-one usually finds large masses of vegetation. This leads to a complex structure in the layers of plant material. In a tropical rain forest, for example, a very large quantity of plant material builds up above the surface of the ground. There is also a large mass of material, developed below ground as root tissues, but this is less apparent. Careful analysis of the above ground material reveals that it is arranged in a series of layers, the precise number of layers varying with age and the nature of the forest. The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community). Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated. In a mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin, the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure. There are three clear peaks in leaf cover at heights of approximately 3,6, and 30 meters above the ground; and the very highest layer, at 50 meters, corresponds to the very tall trees that stand free of the main canopy and form an open layer of their own. So, such a forest contains essentially four layers of canopy. Forests in temperate lands often have just two canopy layers, so they have much less complex architecture.
	
**错误解析**

	解析 D

	文中“The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community).”

**正确解析**

	解析 C

	关键分析C，D两项。C选项structure指植物的arrangement，composition指哪些植物的存在；D选项中structure指森林canopy的形状，composition指组成canopy的crowns数量。D选项主要是composition不对。而且文中讲到crowns这句话是在composition后面才出现的。

#### Question 9 of 14

	Why does the author mention "mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin" in the passage?

	A To dispute the idea that tropical forests are arranged in layers
	B To give an example of the complex architecture vegetation displays in a dense area
	C To suggest that the layers of canopy in some tropical forests can exceed the usual three or four
	D To emphasize that the layers of canopy in a tropical forest give evidence of the number of layers of root tissues below the ground
　
Productivity seems to be involved instead, though perhaps its influence is indirect. Where conditions are most suitable for plant growth—that is, where temperatures are relatively high and uniform and where there is an ample supply of water-one usually finds large masses of vegetation. This leads to a complex structure in the layers of plant material. In a tropical rain forest, for example, a very large quantity of plant material builds up above the surface of the ground. There is also a large mass of material, developed below ground as root tissues, but this is less apparent. Careful analysis of the above ground material reveals that it is arranged in a series of layers, the precise number of layers varying with age and the nature of the forest. The arrangement of the biological mass (biomass) of the vegetation into layered forms is termed as "structure" (as opposed to its "composition", which refers to the species of organisms forming the community). Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated. In a mature floodplain tropical forest in the Amazon River basin, the canopy (the uppermost layers of a forest, formed by the crowns of trees) takes on a stratified structure. There are three clear peaks in leaf cover at heights of approximately 3,6, and 30 meters above the ground; and the very highest layer, at 50 meters, corresponds to the very tall trees that stand free of the main canopy and form an open layer of their own. So, such a forest contains essentially four layers of canopy. Forests in temperate lands often have just two canopy layers, so they have much less complex architecture.

	解析 B

	这是一个例子，所以肯定是说明这个例子前面的一句陈述句。“Structure is essentially the architecture of vegetation, and as in the case of some tropical forests, it can be extremely complicated.”

#### Question 10 of 14

	Which of the following is NOT mentioned in paragraph 4 as an aspect of microclimate?

	A Temperature range
	B Relative humidity
	C Light intensity
	D Seasonal variations

Structure has a strong influence on the animal life inhabiting a site, it forms the spatial environment within which an animal feeds, moves around, shelters, Ives, and breeds. It even affects the climate on a very local level (the "microclimate') by influencing light intensity, humidity, and both the range and extremes of temperature. An area of grassland vegetation with very simple structure, for example, has a very differed microclimate at the ground level from that experienced in the upper canopy. Wind speeds are lower, temperatures are lower during the day (but warmer at night), and the relative humidity is much greater near the ground. The complexity of the microclimate is closely related to the complexity of structure in vegetation, and generally speaking, the more complex the structure of vegetation, the more species of animal are able to make a living there. The high plant biomass of the tropics leads to a greater spatial complexity in the environment, and this leads to a higher potential for diversity in the living things that can occupy a region. The climates of the higher latitudes are generally less favorable for the accumulation of large quantities of biomass; hence, the structure of vegetation is simpler and the animal diversity is consequently lower.

	解析 D

	文中“It even affects the climate on a very local level (the "microclimate') by influencing light intensity, humidity, and both the range and extremes of temperature.”

#### Question 11 of 14

	What can be inferred from paragraph 4 about a region with a high level of diversity of animal species?

	A It also has a high level of plant species diversity.
	B It has relatively few microclimates
	C It develops a less complex structure than does a region with a high plant species diversity.
	D It develops a biomass similar to that of higher latitudes	

Structure has a strong influence on the animal life inhabiting a site, it forms the spatial environment within which an animal feeds, moves around, shelters, Ives, and breeds. It even affects the climate on a very local level (the "microclimate') by influencing light intensity, humidity, and both the range and extremes of temperature. An area of grassland vegetation with very simple structure, for example, has a very differed microclimate at the ground level from that experienced in the upper canopy. Wind speeds are lower, temperatures are lower during the day (but warmer at night), and the relative humidity is much greater near the ground. The complexity of the microclimate is closely related to the complexity of structure in vegetation, and generally speaking, the more complex the structure of vegetation, the more species of animal are able to make a living there. The high plant biomass of the tropics leads to a greater spatial complexity in the environment, and this leads to a higher potential for diversity in the living things that can occupy a region. The climates of the higher latitudes are generally less favorable for the accumulation of large quantities of biomass; hence, the structure of vegetation is simpler and the animal diversity is consequently lower.

	解析 A

	文中“The complexity of the microclimate is closely related to the complexity of structure in vegetation, and generally speaking, the more complex the structure of vegetation, the more species of animal are able to make a living there.“ 

#### Question 12 of 14
	
	The word "consequently" in the passage is closest in meaning to

	A usually
	B obviously
	C however
	D therefore

Structure has a strong influence on the animal life inhabiting a site, it forms the spatial environment within which an animal feeds, moves around, shelters, Ives, and breeds. It even affects the climate on a very local level (the "microclimate') by influencing light intensity, humidity, and both the range and extremes of temperature. An area of grassland vegetation with very simple structure, for example, has a very differed microclimate at the ground level from that experienced in the upper canopy. Wind speeds are lower, temperatures are lower during the day (but warmer at night), and the relative humidity is much greater near the ground. The complexity of the microclimate is closely related to the complexity of structure in vegetation, and generally speaking, the more complex the structure of vegetation, the more species of animal are able to make a living there. The high plant biomass of the tropics leads to a greater spatial complexity in the environment, and this leads to a higher potential for diversity in the living things that can occupy a region. The climates of the higher latitudes are generally less favorable for the accumulation of large quantities of biomass; hence, the structure of vegetation is simpler and the animal diversity is ***consequently*** lower.

	解析 D

	因果关系，A通常；B显然；C然而；D因此。

#### Question 13 of 14

	Look at the four squares [] that indicate where the following sentence could be added to the passage. Where would the sentence best fit?

	One example of such tropical abundance is found in Panama, which has 667 species of breeding birds 一 three times the number found in Alaska.

When we look at the way in which biodiversity (biological diversity) is distributed over the land surface of the planet, we find that it is far from even. The tropics contain many more species overall than an equivalent area at the higher latitudes. This seems to be true for many different groups of animals and plants.■

Why is it that higher latitudes have lower diversities than the tropics? ■Perhaps it is simply a matter of land area.  ■The tropics contain a larger surface area of land than higher latitudes—a fact that is not always evident when we examine commonly used projections of Earth's curved surface, since this tends to exaggerate the areas of land in the higher latitudes-and some biogeographers regard the differences in diversity as a reflection of this effect. ■ But an analysis of the data by biologist Klaus Rohde does not support this explanation. Although area may contribute to biodiversity, it is certainly not the whole story; otherwise, large landmasses would always be richer in species.

**错误解析**

	解析 

	这是一个tropical abundance的例子，已经在某句讲这个话题的陈述句后面。这里肯定不会跟在“Why is it that...”这句话后面，因为why后面肯定是解释，不会跟一个例子。比较适合跟在“The tropics contain a larger surface”前面。

When we look at the way in which biodiversity (biological diversity) is distributed over the land surface of the planet, we find that it is far from even. The tropics contain many more species overall than an equivalent area at the higher latitudes. This seems to be true for many different groups of animals and plants.■

	Why is it that higher latitudes have lower diversities than the tropics? ■Perhaps it is simply a matter of land area. ***One example of such tropical abundance is found in Panama, which has 667 species of breeding birds 一 three times the number found in Alaska.*** The tropics contain a larger surface area of land than higher latitudes—a fact that is not always evident when we examine commonly used projections of Earth's curved surface, since this tends to exaggerate the areas of land in the higher latitudes-and some biogeographers regard the differences in diversity as a reflection of this effect. ■ But an analysis of the data by biologist Klaus Rohde does not support this explanation. Although area may contribute to biodiversity, it is certainly not the whole story; otherwise, large landmasses would always be richer in species.	

**正确解析**

	解析 A

	由待插入句线索词：example, such, 可知该句是关于热带物种丰富性的例子。A 最合适。前文讨论热带物种更丰富的现象。之后二段开始讨论现象的原因。

#### Question 14 of 14
	
	Directions: An introductory sentence for a brief summary of the passage is provided below. Complete the summary by selecting THREE answer choices that express the most important ideas in the passage. Some sentences do not belong in the summary because they express ideas that are not presented in the passage or are minor ideas in the passage. A number of factors may help account for the difference in biodiversity between low and high latitudes.
	
	A. Though land area may be related to a region's biodiversity, it is not a primary determining factor
	
	B. A structure of varying heights is found in both tropical and temperate forests.
	
	C. The more complex the structure of the vegetation of a region, the more species it is able to support.
	
	D. Regions possessing conditions that are favorable for plant growth tend to have abundant and diverse vegetation that supports a large number of species.
	
	E. The difference in microclimate between a ground-level canopy and an upper-level canopy is responsible for the number of species that inhabit each canopy.
	
	F. The temperature range of a region determines the number of animals that feed, move around, shelter themselves, live, and breed in that region.

**错误解析**

	解析 CDE

**正确解析**

	解析 ACD

	由文章标题A and B 结构，A 与B 不是类似范畴，基本排除对比结构，而更有可能是观点论证结构（论证作者认为的A与B的关系，或反驳别人认为的A与B关系）或现象解释结构（自然现象存在A与B的关系，作者解释其原因）。
	首段：指出现象，热带更高的生物多样性。预示文章现象解释结构。
	二段：提出一种解释：land area. But 转折后否定该解释。预示后文其他更有力解释。
	三段：另一解释：productivity. 热带地区更高的生产力导致更多植被，更多植被导致层级结构化（stratified structure）.
	四段：延续三段解释，层级结构导致适合动植物生存的微观空间环境，即层级结构和动植物多样性相关。
	
	总结题引导句概括全文内容，暗示现象解释结构。
	A选项正确，是二段概括。
	B选项不准确。文章没有说温带森林也有多高度的结构。而且，文章强调的概念是“layered structure”,不是“structure of varying heights”.
	C 选项正确，是四段概括。
	D选项正确，是三段概括。
	E选项不准确，文章没有强调地上地下的区别。
	F选项不准确。Temperature range概念，不明确大还是小有利于多样性。

	最后一道的概括题，一定是每段的含义。

### Passage 2 Summary
	
	Score: 11/15
	Wrong: 细节题1，句子插入题1，概括题1

### Passage 2 Vocabulary

+ far from even 远非如此
+ tropics n. 热带
+ exaggerate v. 夸大（aggerate n. 总数）
+ productivity n. 生产率
+ ample adj. 足够多的
+ root tissues n. 根部组织（tissue n. 纸巾/组织）
+ the Amazon River basin n. 亚马逊河流域（basin n. 盆地/流域）
+ canopy n. 罩，华盖，树冠层
+ stratify v. 分层的
+ breed v. 孕育
+ humidity n. 湿度
+ spatial adj. 空间的

--------------------------------------------------------

### Amphibian Thermoregulation

In contrast to mammals and birds, amphibians are unable to produce thermal energy through their metabolic activity, which would allow them to regulate their body temperature independent of the surrounding or ambient temperature. However, the idea that amphibians have no control whatsoever over their body temperature has been proven false because their body temperature does not always correspond to the surrounding temperature. While amphibians are poor thermoregulators, they do exercise control over their body temperature to a limited degree.

Physiological adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions prevail. The tolerance range in body temperature represents the range of temperatures within which a species can survive. One species of North American newt is still active when temperatures drop to -2°C while one South American frog feels comfortable even when temperatures rise to 41°C—the highest body temperature measured in a free-ranging amphibian. Recently it has been shown that some North American frog and toad species can survive up to five days with a body temperature of -6°C with approximately one-third of their body fluids frozen. The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents glycerin or glucose. Additionally, in many species the tolerance boundaries are flexible and can change as a result of acclimatization (long-term exposure to particular conditions).

Frog species that remain exposed to the sun despite high diurnal (daytime) temperatures exhibit some fascinating modifications in the skin structure that function as morphological adaptations. Most amphibian skin is fully water permeable and is therefore not a barrier against evaporation or solar radiation. The African savanna frog Hyperolius viridiflavus stores guanine crystals in its skin, which enable it to better reflect solar radiation, thus providing protection against overheating. The tree frog Phyllomedusa sauvager responds to evaporative losses with gland secretions that provide a greasy film over its entire body that helps prevent desiccation (dehydration).

However, behavior is by far the most important factor in thermoregulation. The principal elements in behavioral thermoregulation are basking (heliothermy), heat exchange with substrates such as rock or earth (thigmothermy), and diurnal and annual avoidance behaviors, which include moving to shelter during the day for cooling and hibernating or estivating (reducing activity during cold or hot weather, respectively) Heliothermy is especially common among frogs and toads: it allows them to increase their body temperature by more than 10°C. The Andean toad Bufo spinulosus exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground and attains its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed. A positive side effect of this approach is that it accelerates the digestion of the prey consumed overnight, thus also accelerating growth. Thigmothermy is a behavior present in most amphibians, although pressing against the ground serves a dual purpose heat absorption by conductivity and water absorption through the skin. The effect of thigmothermy is especially evident in the Andean toad during rainfall: its body temperature corresponds to the temperature of the warm earth and not to the much cooler air temperature.

Avoidance behavior occurs whenever physiological and morphological adaptations are insufficient to maintain body temperature within the vital range. Nocturnal activity in amphibians with low tolerance for high ambient temperatures is a typical thermoregulatory behavior of avoidance. Seasonal avoidance behavior is extremely important in many amphibians. Species whose habitat lies in the temperate latitudes are confronted by lethal low temperatures in winter, while species dwelling in semi-arid and arid regions are exposed to long dry, hot periods in summer.

In amphibians hibernation occurs in mud or deep holes away from frost North of the Pyrenees Mountains, the natterjack toad offers a good example of hibernation, passing the winter dug deep into sandy ground. Conversely, natterjacks in southern Spain remain active during the mild winters common to the region and are instead forced into inactivity during the dry, hot summer season. Summer estivation also occurs by burrowing into the ground or hiding in cool, deep rock crevasses to avoid desiccation and lethal ambient temperature. Amphibians are therefore hardly at mercy of ambient temperature, since by means of the mechanisms described above they are more than exercising some control over their body temperature.

#### Question 1 of 14

	According to paragraph 1, what indicates that amphibians have some control over their body temperature?

	A Amphibians can regulate their metabolic rates to generate energy.
	B Amphibians use the same means of thermoregulation as mammals and birds do.
	C The body temperature of amphibians sometimes differs from the temperature of their surroundings.
	D The body temperature of amphibians is independent of their metabolic activity.

In contrast to mammals and birds, amphibians are unable to produce thermal energy through their metabolic activity, which would allow them to regulate their body temperature independent of the surrounding or ambient temperature. However, the idea that amphibians have no control whatsoever over their body temperature has been proven false because their body temperature does not always correspond to the surrounding temperature. While amphibians are poor thermoregulators, they do exercise control over their body temperature to a limited degree.

	解析 C

	文中“because their body temperature does not always correspond to the surrounding temperature”。看清楚题干问什么很重要，题目问what indicate amphibians 有控制体温的能力。

#### Question 2 of 14

	Why does the author mention a "South American frog" species in the passage?

	A To make the point that an amphibian's temperature tolerance depends on a number of factors
	B To indicate how precise the range of body temperatures is for certain amphibians
	C To contrast its ability to adapt to that of the North American newt
	D To help illustrate the range of environmental conditions to which amphibians have adapted
	
	Physiological adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions prevail. The tolerance range in body temperature represents the range of temperatures within which a species can survive. One species of North American newt is still active when temperatures drop to -2°C while one `South American frog` feels comfortable even when temperatures rise to 41°C—the highest body temperature measured in a free-ranging amphibian. Recently it has been shown that some North American frog and toad species can survive up to five days with a body temperature of -6°C with approximately one-third of their body fluids frozen. The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents glycerin or glucose. Additionally, in many species the tolerance boundaries are flexible and can change as a result of acclimatization (long-term exposure to particular conditions).

**错误解析**

	解析 A

	举例子肯定是解释例子前面那句话“The tolerance range in body temperature represents the range of temperatures within which a species can survive”。选项B和D太片面；

**正确解析**

	解析 D

	这里应该是看这个例子是服务于主题句“Physiological adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions prevail.”

#### Question 3 of 14

	According to paragraph 2, what allows some North American frog and toad species to survive in ambient temperatures well below freezing?

	A Their internal body temperatures never fall below -6°C.
	B They do not remain at temperatures below freezing for very long periods of time.
	C Their tolerance boundaries are flexible
	D Some of their body tissues contain substances that prevent freezing.

Physiological adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions prevail. The tolerance range in body temperature represents the range of temperatures within which a species can survive. One species of North American newt is still active when temperatures drop to -2°C while one South American frog feels comfortable even when temperatures rise to 41°C—the highest body temperature measured in a free-ranging amphibian. Recently it has been shown that some North American frog and toad species can survive up to five days with a body temperature of -6°C with approximately one-third of their body fluids frozen. The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents glycerin or glucose. Additionally, in many species the tolerance boundaries are flexible and can change as a result of acclimatization (long-term exposure to particular conditions).

	解析 D

	文中“ The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents glycerin or glucose. ”

#### Question 4 of 14

	"Phyllomedusa sauvager" is mentioned as an example of a frog with an adaptation that

	A protects its glandular system
	B helps reduce its secretions
	C increases the amount of solar radiation that its skin can reflect
	D modifies its skin structure to protect against the drying effects of the sun

Frog species that remain exposed to the sun despite high diurnal (daytime) temperatures exhibit some fascinating modifications in the skin structure that function as morphological adaptations. Most amphibian skin is fully water permeable and is therefore not a barrier against evaporation or solar radiation. The African savanna frog Hyperolius viridiflavus stores guanine crystals in its skin, which enable it to better reflect solar radiation, thus providing protection against overheating. The tree frog `Phyllomedusa sauvager` responds to evaporative losses with gland secretions that provide a greasy film over its entire body that helps prevent desiccation (dehydration).

	解析 D

	文中“that helps prevent desiccation”

#### Question 5 of 14

	Paragraph 4 mentions each of the following as an example of behavioral thermoregulation EXCEPT

	A pressing against the ground
	B speeding up of the metabolism
	C reducing activity during the summer
	D adjusting exposure to the sun

However, behavior is by far the most important factor in thermoregulation. The principal elements in behavioral thermoregulation are basking (heliothermy), heat exchange with substrates such as rock or earth (thigmothermy), and diurnal and annual avoidance behaviors, which include moving to shelter during the day for cooling and hibernating or estivating (reducing activity during cold or hot weather, respectively) Heliothermy is especially common among frogs and toads: it allows them to increase their body temperature by more than 10°C. The Andean toad Bufo spinulosus exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground and attains its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed. A positive side effect of this approach is that it accelerates the digestion of the prey consumed overnight, thus also accelerating growth. Thigmothermy is a behavior present in most amphibians, although pressing against the ground serves a dual purpose heat absorption by conductivity and water absorption through the skin. The effect of thigmothermy is especially evident in the Andean toad during rainfall: its body temperature corresponds to the temperature of the warm earth and not to the much cooler air temperature.

	解析 B

	A. "although pressing against the ground serves a dual purpose heat absorption by conductivity and water absorption through the skin"
	B. 没讲
	C. "reducing activity during cold or hot weather, respectively"
	D. "exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground"

#### Question 6 of 14

	The "Andean toad Bufo spinulosus" illustrates which of the following behavioral modifications?

	A Heliothermy and thigmothermy
	B Diurnal avoidance behavior
	C Absorbing heat from the air
	D Moving to shelter during the summer

However, behavior is by far the most important factor in thermoregulation. The principal elements in behavioral thermoregulation are basking (heliothermy), heat exchange with substrates such as rock or earth (thigmothermy), and diurnal and annual avoidance behaviors, which include moving to shelter during the day for cooling and hibernating or estivating (reducing activity during cold or hot weather, respectively) Heliothermy is especially common among frogs and toads: it allows them to increase their body temperature by more than 10°C. The `Andean toad Bufo spinulosus` exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground and attains its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed. A positive side effect of this approach is that it accelerates the digestion of the prey consumed overnight, thus also accelerating growth. Thigmothermy is a behavior present in most amphibians, although pressing against the ground serves a dual purpose heat absorption by conductivity and water absorption through the skin. The effect of thigmothermy is especially evident in the Andean toad during rainfall: its body temperature corresponds to the temperature of the warm earth and not to the much cooler air temperature.

**错误解析**

	解析 C

	A. Heliothermy and thigmothermy是指 热传递
	B. Diurnal avoidance behavior指避暑或减少活动
	C. “attains its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed”
	D. 这个是estivating

**正确解析**

	解析 A
	
	细节题。根据关键词“Andean toad Bufo spinulosus”定位到第4句，知其是heliothermy 的例子。但段落最后,thigmothermy 举例时，用的还是“Andean toad”。而“Andean toad Bufo spinulosus”显然是“Andean toad”的一种，可知“Bufo spinulosus”也有thigmothermy功能。A选项正确。

#### Question 7 of 14

	The word "attains" in the passage is closest in meaning to

	A raises
	B lowers
	C reaches
	D regulates

However, behavior is by far the most important factor in thermoregulation. The principal elements in behavioral thermoregulation are basking (heliothermy), heat exchange with substrates such as rock or earth (thigmothermy), and diurnal and annual avoidance behaviors, which include moving to shelter during the day for cooling and hibernating or estivating (reducing activity during cold or hot weather, respectively) Heliothermy is especially common among frogs and toads: it allows them to increase their body temperature by more than 10°C. The Andean toad Bufo spinulosus exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground and `attains` its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed. A positive side effect of this approach is that it accelerates the digestion of the prey consumed overnight, thus also accelerating growth. Thigmothermy is a behavior present in most amphibians, although pressing against the ground serves a dual purpose heat absorption by conductivity and water absorption through the skin. The effect of thigmothermy is especially evident in the Andean toad during rainfall: its body temperature corresponds to the temperature of the warm earth and not to the much cooler air temperature.

**错误解析**

	解析 D

	attain保持的意思。

**正确解析**

	词汇题。“attains”本义就是达到，实现的意思。C最准确。其他选项：A提高，B降低，D规范，控制。(maintain才是保持)

#### Question 8 of 14

	The phrase "this approach" in the passage refers to

	A gradually increasing body temperature by 10°C
	B basking as soon as the sun comes up
	C waiting for the ground and air to warm
	D keeping body temperature above the temperature of the air

However, behavior is by far the most important factor in thermoregulation. The principal elements in behavioral thermoregulation are basking (heliothermy), heat exchange with substrates such as rock or earth (thigmothermy), and diurnal and annual avoidance behaviors, which include moving to shelter during the day for cooling and hibernating or estivating (reducing activity during cold or hot weather, respectively) Heliothermy is especially common among frogs and toads: it allows them to increase their body temperature by more than 10°C. The Andean toad Bufo spinulosus exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground and attains its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed. A positive side effect of `this approach` is that it accelerates the digestion of the prey consumed overnight, thus also accelerating growth. Thigmothermy is a behavior present in most amphibians, although pressing against the ground serves a dual purpose heat absorption by conductivity and water absorption through the skin. The effect of thigmothermy is especially evident in the Andean toad during rainfall: its body temperature corresponds to the temperature of the warm earth and not to the much cooler air temperature.

**错误解析**

	解析 C

	显然this指代这句话前一句“exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground and attains its preferred body temperature by this means, long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed” 

**正确解析**

	解析 B
	
	指代题。代词指代一般前文就近指代。该上下文中，“this approach”与上句“this means”都指代该方法“exposes itself immediately after sunrise on moist ground”, B 选项是同义改写。（这里我一直看错后面写的是long before either ground or air is correspondingly warmed）

#### Question 9 of 14

	According to paragraph 5, why is avoidance behavior important for some amphibians?

	A Amphibians' habitats are areas where temperatures vary from day to day.
	B Amphibians have less tolerance for high ambient temperatures than for low ambient temperatures.
	C Amphibians lack adequate physiological adaptations for dealing with ambient temperatures.
	D Amphibians cannot protect themselves from the extreme summer heat by being active only at night.
	
Avoidance behavior occurs whenever physiological and morphological adaptations are insufficient to maintain body temperature within the vital range. Nocturnal activity in amphibians with low tolerance for high ambient temperatures is a typical thermoregulatory behavior of avoidance. Seasonal avoidance behavior is extremely important in many amphibians. Species whose habitat lies in the temperate latitudes are confronted by lethal low temperatures in winter, while species dwelling in semi-arid and arid regions are exposed to long dry, hot periods in summer.

	解析 C

	文中“are insufficient to maintain body temperature within the vital range”

#### Question 10 of 14

	The word "dwelling" in the passage is closest in meaning to

	A arriving
	B originating
	C evolving
	D living

Avoidance behavior occurs whenever physiological and morphological adaptations are insufficient to maintain body temperature within the vital range. Nocturnal activity in amphibians with low tolerance for high ambient temperatures is a typical thermoregulatory behavior of avoidance. Seasonal avoidance behavior is extremely important in many amphibians. Species whose habitat lies in the temperate latitudes are confronted by lethal low temperatures in winter, while species `dwelling` in semi-arid and arid regions are exposed to long dry, hot periods in summer.

	解析 D

	虽然我不知道这个词什么意思，但是因为句式是对等的，这里语意应该是D. (词汇题。“dwelling”本义就是居住，位于的意思，D最准确。其他选项：A到达， B起源，C演化。)

#### Question 11 of 14

	In paragraph 6, which of the following can be inferred from the discussion of the natterjack?

	A Amphibians have greater tolerance for heat than for cold.
	B Desiccation is not a threat to amphibians
	C Both hibernation and estivation may serve as avoidance behaviors depending on the climate
	D Some species of amphibians are active only in the spring and in the fall
	
In amphibians hibernation occurs in mud or deep holes away from frost North of the Pyrenees Mountains, the natterjack toad offers a good example of hibernation, passing the winter dug deep into sandy ground. Conversely, natterjacks in southern Spain remain active during the mild winters common to the region and are instead forced into inactivity during the dry, hot summer season. Summer estivation also occurs by burrowing into the ground or hiding in cool, deep rock crevasses to avoid desiccation and lethal ambient temperature. Amphibians are therefore hardly at mercy of ambient temperature, since by means of the mechanisms described above they are more than exercising some control over their body temperature.		

	解析 C

	本段讲了冷热两种季节时natterjack的应对。

#### Question 12 of 14

	Which of the sentences below best expresses the essential information in the highlighted sentence in the passage? Incorrect choices change the meaning in important ways or leave out essential information.

	A Thus, although amphibians use the various mechanisms described above, they have hardly any control of their body temperature
	B Thus, by the mechanisms described above, amphibians are quite capable of controlling their body temperature to survive extreme ambient temperatures.
	C Thus, unless they can use the mechanisms described above, amphibians are at the mercy of ambient temperatures.
	D Thus, the mechanisms described above give amphibians control over much more than just their body temperature

In amphibians hibernation occurs in mud or deep holes away from frost North of the Pyrenees Mountains, the natterjack toad offers a good example of hibernation, passing the winter dug deep into sandy ground. Conversely, natterjacks in southern Spain remain active during the mild winters common to the region and are instead forced into inactivity during the dry, hot summer season. Summer estivation also occurs by burrowing into the ground or hiding in cool, deep rock crevasses to avoid desiccation and lethal ambient temperature. ***Amphibians are therefore hardly at mercy of ambient temperature, since by means of the mechanisms described above they are more than exercising some control over their body temperature.***

**错误解析**

	解析 A

**正确解析**

	解析 B

	句子简化题。原句是全文最后一句，是全文概括总结。原句包含因果关系：由于上述机制，两栖动物能够某种程度上控制体温。B选项最准确，体现原句核心句义：两栖动物能控制体温。其他选项：A选项／C选项都与原句核心句义反。D选项过度概括。(hardly at mercy of 几乎不受...影响)

### Question 13 of 14

	Look at the four squares [] that indicate where the following sentence could be added to the passage. Where would the sentence best fit?

	On the other hand, amphibians in very hot climates use secretions from the mucus glands to decrease their temperature through evaporative cooling on the skin.

Physiological adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions prevail. The tolerance range in body temperature represents the range of temperatures within which a species can survive. One species of North American newt is still active when temperatures drop to -2°C while one South American frog feels comfortable even when temperatures rise to 41°C—the highest body temperature measured in a free-ranging amphibian. ■Recently it has been shown that some North American frog and toad species can survive up to five days with a body temperature of -6°C with approximately one-third of their body fluids frozen. ■The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents glycerin or glucose. ■Additionally, in many species the tolerance boundaries are flexible and can change as a result of acclimatization (long-term exposure to particular conditions).■

	解析

	要插入的句子是“On the other hand, ... in very hot climate”，所以应该在一个讲了cold的句子后面

Physiological adaptations can assist amphibians in colonizing habitats where extreme conditions prevail. The tolerance range in body temperature represents the range of temperatures within which a species can survive. One species of North American newt is still active when temperatures drop to -2°C while one South American frog feels comfortable even when temperatures rise to 41°C—the highest body temperature measured in a free-ranging amphibian. ■Recently it has been shown that some North American frog and toad species can survive up to five days with a body temperature of -6°C with approximately one-third of their body fluids frozen. ■The other tissues are protected because they contain the frost-protective agents glycerin or glucose. ***On the other hand, amphibians in very hot climates use secretions from the mucus glands to decrease their temperature through evaporative cooling on the skin.*** Additionally, in many species the tolerance boundaries are flexible and can change as a result of acclimatization (long-term exposure to particular conditions).■

#### Question 14 of 14

	An introductory sentence for a brief summary of the passage is provided below. Complete the summary by selected THREE answer choices that express the most important ideas in the passage.Some sentences do not belong in the summary because they express ideas that are not presented in the passage or are minor ideas in the passage. Although can not totally independent of surrounding temperature, Amphibians do exercise some control over their body temperature through some mechanisms.

	A. Frogs, which survive temperature ranges from as low as -2°C to as high as 41°C, are evidence that amphibians are independent of ambient temperatures
	B. Amphibians can increase their body temperature by exposing themselves to the sun (heliothermy) and by pressing against the ground (thigmothermy).
	C. Avoidance behaviors, such as sheltering from the sun, as well as estivation and hibernation，help amphibians control their body temperature.
	D. Physical adaptations offer amphibians a number of ways to protect against extreme or dangerous climate conditions.
	E. Sunrise is the time when some amphibian species have the greatest need for thermoregulatory mechanisms.
	F. Hibernation always involves digging deep holes in mud or sand, whereas estivation sometimes involves nothing more than hiding in deep rock crevasses

**错误解析**

	解析 ABC

	第一段讲amphibians不像mammals能自己产热，但是他们也能维持体温的一定变化
	第二段讲extreme conditions下amphibians的表现
	第三段讲Frog species的例子
	第四段讲behavior is the most important factor in thermoregulation.
	第五段讲Avoidance behavior occurs whenever physiological and morphological adaptations are insufficient to maintain body temperature within the vital range.
	第六段讲natterjack的例子

**正确解析**

	解析 BCD

	C选项是肯定没问题的，B选项也可选（是细节）；A，D选项有点选不准。第二段讲的就是D选项内容，A其实现在想想就不太对。

### Passage 3 Summary

	Score: 9/15
	Wrong: 举例原因题1，细节题1，词汇词1，指代题1，句子简化题1，概括题1

### Passage 3 Vocabulary

+ amphibian n. 两栖动物
+ metabolic adj. 新城代谢的（metabolism n. 新陈代谢）
+ ambient adj. 周围
+ newt n. 水螈（两栖动物）
+ toad n. 蟾蜍（两栖动物）
+ fluid n. 液体 adj. 流动的
+ frost n. 霜冻
+ glycerin n. 甘油
+ glucose n. 葡萄糖
+ acclimatization n. 适应环境
+ diurnal adj. 白天的
+ morphological adj. 形态的/词法的
+ permeable adj. 可渗透的
+ secretion n. 分泌物，分泌
+ greasy adj. 油腻的
+ film n. 薄膜（a film of oil/dust 一层油/一层灰）
+ desiccation n. 脱水
+ bask v. 沐浴在阳光下（n. basking）
+ hibernate v. 冬眠
+ moist adj. 湿润的
+ digestion n. 消化
+ conductivity n. 传导性
+ nocturnal adj. 夜间活动的
+ dwell v. 居住
+ lethal adj. 致命的
+ hardly at mercy of 几乎不被...影响
+ by means of 通过
